Fix RSS feed fetch-indicators (#35943)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedRSS/ReleaseNotes/1_0_10.md

#### Integrations

##### RSS Feed

> - Fixed an issue in ***fetch-indicators*** where reports have invalid URL links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in ***fetch-indicators*** where reports failed due to invalid URL links.
```

#### Integrations

##### RSS Feed

> - Fixed an issue in ***fetch-indicators*** where reports have invalid URL links.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-indicators*** command failed while processing report indicators with invalid URLs.
```
